CELINE: You know what? The only time I get to think now is when I take a shit at the office. I'm starting to associate thoughts with the smell of shit.
JESSE: Well, that is a good line—I want to use that in my book someday.
CELINE: I'm sure you will—and that'll be the best line in the book. And by the way, you may never, EVER, use me or anything I say or do in one of your fucking books again! And that goes for the girls, too.
JESSE: I'm sorry to ruin your perfect little narrative of oppression with the truth, but I am the one who's at home every day dealing with the bullshit because you're at work until 6:30.
CELINE: 6 o'clock.
JESSE: You take the girls to school, and I pick them up. I have orbited my entire life around you, and you know it.
CELINE: You know what I love about men? They still believe in magic. Little fairies who make the fucking Greek salads that you eat like a pig.
JESSE: Stop attacking me, all right? It's really fucking boring.
CELINE: You remember I used to sing… I'd still like to do it. But I don't get to—there isn't time.
JESSE: If you took one-eighth of the energy that you spend on bitching, whining, and worrying... If you put that energy into singing scales, I mean, you would be like a fucking star.
CELINE: You think you're winning?! I stopped singing to be a mother, and I was shit at that too.
JESSE: Look, I think you did great.
CELINE: No, I didn't.
JESSE: No, you did. Well, you did a good job faking it, then… We were supposed to have this great evening. There's no room for spontaneity now; it is all gone from our lives. It's stupid, and it's not working...
CELINE: We are only here in this hotel room because… Swear on our kids that you didn't fuck that girl from the bookstore. Emily. Swear to me you didn't fuck that Emily girl. And I'm not jealous because I'm not the jealous type, but I just want to know—be a man and admit the truth.
JESSE: I am giving you my whole life, okay? I'm not giving it to anybody else. If you're looking for permission to disqualify me, I'm not going to give it to you. I love you, and I'm NOT in conflict about it. But if what you want is a laundry list of all the things about you that piss me off, I could give it to you.
CELINE: Yeah—I want to hear.
JESSE: Okay! Well, uh, let's start at number one—okay, number one, you're fuckin' nuts, all right? You are. Good luck finding somebody else to put up with your shit for more than like six months. But I accept the whole package—the crazy and the brilliant.
